I threw myself with trust in me
But why am I being swayed
But why am I just being hurt
Get out of the way you all
(actually I am)
I’m right
(scared)
You all wait and see
(can I do it?)
I’m scared that I might not keep these words
Why am I keep changing?
My inside and outside are both changing
I’m being colored now
My head hurts
I threw myself with trust in me
But why am I being swayed
But why am I just being hurt
Wait a second, this is weird, my vision’s blurry
Why doesn’t it end? I keep hearing disturbing noises
Even here, I kept
Believing in winning over everything with my will to fight
Bravado can’t last anymore
Maybe it hurts more because I thought it’d be easy
I won’t change, always Yeh
I used to shout that, but why am I
According to my surroundings
Countlessly being changed
Depending on which person got on my nerves
Why does my reaction change?
I used to move to the groove only when I liked them
But now I’m following other people
Will my taste change also?
My head hurts
I swallow pills called baseless confidence
(gulp gulp)
Maybe I took them so many, now I’m feeling worried than confident
(brr brr brr brr)
Everything is being changed, from 1 to 10
(more and more)
The side effects kicking in against my will
No no no no
Wait a second, this is weird, my vision’s blurry
Why doesn’t it end? I keep hearing disturbing noises
Even here, I kept
Believing in winning over everything with my will to fight
Bravado can’t last anymore
Maybe it hurts more because I thought it’d be easy
My head hurts